this time i will use a more Ukrainian
way of transportation we are in but
painful and we are going to a cocktail
but i think i've done some people it is
in these kind of situations it are the
problems with language
special on the countryside
ha
yeah we find it
this robot is like that they're popular
new trainer very comfortable you can get
from every place you want to another
place you want and this call to minibus
Marsh route car
regardless of the look and feel of the
vehicle in most cases the problem are
just the roads underneath their bills
Amir surprised mrs. drones
this movie bus and it's all the great
estate
bye very good luck national
the road leading to hotter crosses on
the river in Ukraine the tribals lepra
and with a kind of similar name mr. 14
very small town with 10,000 inhabitants
so we are following to Castle bottom
portrait evoke full of animals you can I
try the sausage with horses now when I
seem to this person I really
nice animal son but such a speed the
room look all hot n represents a kind of
time travel that reaches its past
expression when arriving at the
highlight of the town of the forecast
was a beautiful youtube nistro river
welcome and call him Sal this is the
castle cotton the first remains of this
castle was dated shirt with the century
when it was with him and after the great
fire it was destroyed and in the 16th
century it was revealed and now we have
this castle like it just look like him
too
this fortress has three big
fortification walls one of them we can
see right now that the remains of as
well so it was very difficult to go
inside and mostly times when some animal
enemies came inside with us because of
people couldn't stand to be inside
without water and food
there is a legend as this tunnel
connects was connected to win this
fortress and among several go in later
homecoming was previously and it takes
about 30 20 meters under the river and
underground and another legend says that
sometimes people can give some ghosts
here and you can hear some strange
noises
some of the best views are from the
narrow window so the outer walls this
river please talk to which it is
possible to walk down around the castle
there is a legend connected with this
let's call and it says that there was a
daughter of all male protest and she
fell in love with us
the great enemy and they love each other
but it was forbidden and your father are
just too examines with an icicle can
block them from this way the legend said
that they are crying here this is one of
the biggest and widest rumors industry
event
river in western Ukraine and it flows to
Moldova if I service point my clothes
can be in life
hi girls is a river by the second queen
is three were in Europe